README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I’m Heet  

I’m a Computer Science & Engineering student at **CSPIT, CHARUSAT** who loves building, breaking, and fixing things with code. My work includes **Game Gevelopment** and **Web Apps**   

---

## 🚀 What I Do
- 🖥️ Build full-stack web apps (Next.js, Node.js, Vercel)    
- 🧠 Experimenting with AI/ML models for fun projects like robots and hackathons.  

---

## 🛠️ Tech & Tools I Use
- **Languages:** C++, Java, Python, JavaScript  
- **Web:** HTML, CSS, Next.js , Node.js    
- **Other Tools:** Git/GitHub, , VS Code Insiders, Figma  

---

## 📚 Currently Learning
- Advanced Web Technologies (frontend + backend with AI integations)  
- Data Structures & Algorithms (LeetCode)  
- YUGAS : THE AGES (personal game development Project)
- DrAmbient (Ambient healthcare assisting app with AI)   

---

## 🎯 Goals
- Build things that make my life easier and me? more lazy xD
- Sharpen logical thinking and problem solving so that i stop avoiding LeetCode hards ;-;
- Collaborate with developers and peers on open-source work and projects.

---

## 📬 Let’s Connect
- **LinkedIn:** [Heet Parikh](https://linkedin.com/in/heetparikh)  
- **GitHub:** [@Heet-p](https://github.com/heet-p)  
- **Email:** heet16@gmail.com

---

⭐ Thanks for stopping by my portfolio repo!

Commit message:

feat: enhance button glow and reduce ping pong speed
Improve "Explore More" button with glow effect and slow down game ball.

#VERCEL_SKIP

Co-authored-by: Heet Parikh <174899460+Heet-P@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Prompting Is All You Need

*Automatically synced with your [v0.app](https://v0.app) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/heet-ps-projects/v0-prompting-is-all-you-need)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.app-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.app/chat/projects/ZghQsZhr6fZ)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.app](https://v0.app).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.app](https://v0.app).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/heet-ps-projects/v0-prompting-is-all-you-need](https://vercel.com/heet-ps-projects/v0-prompting-is-all-you-need)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.app/chat/projects/ZghQsZhr6fZ](https://v0.app/chat/projects/ZghQsZhr6fZ)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.app](https://v0.app)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository
